[VizroAI] Complete relaunch (#1533)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-ai/docs/pages/explanation/faq.md

## Should I use Vizro-AI or Vizro-MCP?

> Dashboard generation in Vizro-AI has largely been replaced by [Vizro-MCP](https://vizro.readthedocs.io/projects/vizro-mcp/). Starting with version 0.4.0, Vizro-AI only supports chart generation, but is based on Pydantic AI and supports async execution, streaming, dependency injection, and integration with the A2A protocol.

Reviewer: Can you say what version of Pydantic AI and link through?

> For dashboard generation, we recommend using Vizro-MCP, since it doesn’t require an API key and works with familiar LLM applications like VS Code, Cursor, or Claude Desktop, making it simpler to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For dashboard generation, we recommend using Vizro-MCP, which can be used without an API key. Vizro-MCP works within familiar development environments like Microsoft VS Code, Cursor, or Claude Desktop, for ease of use.
```
